---
title: Questions MB-820
date: 2025-01-21 16:00:00 000
categories: [Business Central]
tags: [Business Central]
published: false
---

# Question 1

A company is deploying Business Central on-premises.
The company plans to use a single-tenant deployment architecture.
You need to describe how the data is stored and how the Business Central Server is configured.
In which two ways should you describe the single-tenant architecture? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.
NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.

A. Each customer has their own Business Central Server.
B. The application and the business data are stored in the same database.
C. Multiple customers share a single Business Central Server.
D. The application and business data are stored in separate databases.
E. Multiple customer share multiple Business Central Server instances.

My solution = A,B.

# Question 2

A company uses Business Central.
The company plans to use a translation file in a extension. The extension has a caption that should not be translated.
You need to prevent the caption from being translated.
What should you do?

A. Use the CaptionML property and copy the same caption for each language used.
B. Set the GenerateLockedTranslations feature in the appjson file.
C. Add the Locked = true parameter to the Caption. 
D. Delete the Caption property.
E. Copy the same caption for each language in the translation file.

My solution = C.

# Question 3

A company plans to set up a local Business Central Development Docker container. The environment will be used for testing new project ideas.
You need to ensure that the most recent Business Central artifact URL has been selected. Which command should you use?

A. Get-BcArtifcatUrl -type sandbox -select Current
B. Get-BcArtifactUrl -type sandbox -select Closest
C. Get-BcArtifactUrl -type sandbox -select NextMinor
D. Get-BcArtifactUrl -type sandbox -select NextMajor

My solution = A.

# Question 4

A company has a Business Central online environment. 
You need to create an HTTP GET request that connects to an external REST service.
Which solution should you use?

A. HttpContent data type variable.
B. Codeunit 1299 'Web Request Helper'.
C. Codeunit 5459 'JSON Management'.
D. Codeunit 1297 'Http Web Request Mgt'.
E. HttpClient data type variable.

My solution = E.

# Question 5

**Case study**

**To start the case study**
To display the first question in this case study, click the Next button. Use the buttons in the left pane to explore the content of the case study before you answer the questions. Clicking these buttons displays information such as business requirements, existing environment, and problem statements. If the case study has an All Information tab, note that the information displayed is identical to the information displayed on the subsequent tabs. When you are ready to answer a question, click the Question button to return to the question.

**Company Background**
Alpine Ski House is a company that owns and operates hotels, restaurants, and stores.
Currently, the company uses the following software and interface:
Property management software (PMS) to manage hotel rooms
On-premises accounting software to generate sales invoices and create purchase orders
An API that allows restaurants and stores to obtain necessary information
Restaurants and stores use standalone software for point of sale (POS) devices. Each day, the POS terminals generate a text file of sales data and save the files in a server folder. An account assistant must manually import the files to the current software tables to be processed by the system.
The general manager receives several reports monthly from department managers. The reports take too much time to prepare.

**Planned improvements**
The company is moving from a different system to Business Central online to manage the whole company.
The company plans to increase efficiency in every department by using APIs to obtain or share information between the different systems.
Each department involved in purchasing must be able to make purchase requests automatically and easily. The departments do not need access to the full ERP management system.

**Technical specifications**
Alpine Ski House requires the development of several extensions for the planned improvements. Business Central design patterns must be used to develop all extensions.
Alpine Ski House must develop the following pages:
Pages that provide multiple configurations in a multistep dialog, like a wizard, to provide required information when the extensions are first installed
Department-specific Role Center pages to show relevant information and pages with additional information
The IT department plans to use Power BI to analyze departmental information. The database must be configured to provide optimal performance.
Department-specific requirements. Housekeeping department
The housekeeping department requires the following to increase efficiency and help avoid data entry errors:
A Housekeeping Role Center to minimize navigation to relevant areas in Business Central online and to show relevant information in it
Pages to embed into a new Room page to show additional information about the Room entity
A table named Room Incident for the housekeeping team to enter room issue information
A Housekeeping canvas app that connects to an extension
The department requires the development of an extension with a new API page named RoomsAPI.
The housekeeping team will use RoomsAPI to publish room details, update when work is complete, or provide repair notifications from the canvas app.
This custom API page must expose a custom table named Rooms and have an ID 50000. The table must be able to update from the PMS. The PMS team must know the endpoint to connect to the custom API.
A developer provides the following details for the API page:

```json
APIPublisher = 'alpine';
APIGroup = 'integration';
APIVersion = '2.0'
EntityName = 'room';
EntitySetName = 'rooms';
```
The extension must be published in Business Central online and include a list page named Room List that includes all hotel rooms.
Installation or updates to this extension must meet the following requirements:
Some web services must be published automatically.
The version of the specified application's metadata must be obtained in AL language,
The code required to perform tasks cannot be accessible from other parts of the application.
The Room Incident table information must include the following fields:
Incident entry: An incremental number
Room No.: A room from the Room table

Incident Date: The work date -
The table definition in the Room Incident table must autofill the Incident Date when the housekeeping team inserts a new record,
The value for Incident Date must be the work date configured in the Business Central online client.
Status: Includes the following options to identify the status of the incident:
Open: When the Room Incident is created
In Progress: When someone starts repair work
Closed: When the incident is solved
Incident Closing Date: Auto-updating field (when the status passes to Closed, the field will update with the work date)

Incident Description: Text -

Image: Media data type -
The stored picture must be downloadable from a menu action,
A Room Incident page must be developed to contain the download action.
Department-specific requirements. Restaurants and stores
To increase efficiency, the new system must manage the generated data from the restaurants and stores directly by using the API on the POS terminals.
The company requires a codeunit called from a job queue to read the information from the POS terminal APIs.
The POS terminal information must be stored in a table named POS Information, have an ID 50100, and be editable on a page.
The account manager requires an option on the menu of the page to run the process manually.
To analyze the information received from the POS terminals, the company requires:
A custom API named ticketAPI to export the information to Power BI
Use of the Read Scale-Out feature to improve database performance
Department-specific requirements. Purchasing department and non-conformity handling
The purchasing department requires a new entity in Business Central online to log non-conformities of goods received from vendors. The entity must be set up as follows:
The non-conformity entity must have two tables:
a header with common information
one or more lines with the detailed received items that are non-conforming
The entity requires a page named Non-conformity and a subpage named Non-conformity Lines to store the information.
When a purchase order with incorrect quantity or quality issues is received, the entity must create a non-conformity document in the system. The following information must be included in the document:
Non-conformity Number: must use the No. Series table from Business Central online to manage this field and use these features:

Alphanumeric values -
Number format that includes “NC” and the year as part of the number; for example, NC24-001
Non-conformity Date: stores only the creation date
Vendor No.: stores the number of the vendor that sent the items; only vendors from the company must be included
Owner: code of an employee defined in the company
Receipt No.: must meet the following conditions:
Be an existing receipt No.
Be received from the vendor indicated in the Vendor No. field
Comments: can include comments with rich text and pictures to illustrate quality problems
Status: includes non-conformity statuses, such as:

**Open -**

**Notified -**

**Closed -**
Lines must contain the following details:
Item No.: item received (for existing inventory items only)

Description: item description -
Quantity: non-conforming quantity
Non-conformity Type:

**Quality -**

**Quantity -**

**Delivery date -**
The serial numbers of the non-conformities and the period in which they can be created must be in a configuration table and its corresponding page to allow them to be modified for the users.

You need to define the data types for the fields of the Non-conformity table.
Which two data types should you use? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.
NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.

A. Integer for the Non-Conformity Number field.
B. DateTime for the Non-Conformity Date field.
C. Char for the Non-Conformity Number field.
D. Date for the Non-Conformity Date field.
E. Code for the Non-Conformity Number field.

My solution = D,E.

# Question 6

You need to allow debugging in an extension to view the source code. In which file should you specify the value of the allowDebugging property?

A. settings.json
B. rad.json
C. app.json
D. launch.json

My solution = C.

# Question 7

A company plans to meet new regulatory requirements.
The regulator has issued new tax tiers.
You need to update the base application table by using a table extension.
Which table field property can you change?

A. CalcFormula
B. DecimalPlaces
C. BlankZero
D. AutoFormatType

My solution = C.

# Question 8

A company has a Business Central online environment.
You are exporting a file from a client by using the DownloadFromStream method.
You need to create a InStream data type to send the data.
Which solution should you use?

A. Use CreateInStream method from codeunit "Temp Blob".
B. Use CreateInStream method for BLOB field of "Temp Blob" table.
C. Use CreateInStream method for File type variable.

My solution = A.

# Question 9

You create a page with the PageType property set to RoleCenter.
You navigate through the different sections of the page.
You need to add functionalities to the page.
What should you do?

A. Define actions in the area (reporting) before actions in the area (creation).
B. Define the navigation menu in the area (procesing).
C. Define the navigation bar in the area (embedding).
D. Add a source table on the Role Center page.

# Question 10 

You need to determine why the extension does not appear in the tenant.
What are two possible reasons for the disappearance? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.
Note: Each correct selection is worth one point.

A. The extension was published as a DEV extension.
B. The extension was not compatible with the new version within 60 days of the first notification.
C. The extension was published as PTE and the Platform parameter was not updated in the application file.
D. The extension was published as PTE and the Platform and Runtime parameters were not updated in the application file.
E. The extension was not compatible with the new version within 90 days of the first notification.

# Question 11

You need to determine why the debugger does not start correctly.
What is the cause of the problem?

A. The "userId" parameter must have the GUID of the user specified, not the username.
B. The "breakOnNext" parameter is not set to -WebServiceClient.
C. The "userId" parameter is specified, and the next user session that is specified in the 'breakOnNext' parameter is snapshot debugged.
D. The "executionContext" parameter is not set to 'Debug'.

# Question 12

A Company plans to deploy Business Central.
The company has teh following deployment requirements:
Use the company hardware architecture to run the deployment.
Use sandbox environments to develop extensions.
Allow tenants to connect to Shopify with the standard connector.
Use Microsoft Power Automate to create a workflow that calls a business event.
You need to identify the deployment type for each requirement.
Which deployment should you use? To answer, move the appropriate deployment types to the correct requirments. You may use each deployment type once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to move the split bar between panes or scroll to view content. 
Note: Each correct selection is worth one point.

Deployment types:
* On-premises
* Online

Deployment requirements:
* Run on the company hardware.
* Use sandbox environments for extensions.
* Allow connection to Shopify.
* Create a workflow.

# Question 13

**Case Study**

**Background**
Contoso, Ltd. is a sales company in the manufacturing industry. It has subsidiaries in multiple countries/regions, each with its own localization. The subsidiaries must be data-independent from each other. Contoso, Ltd. uses an external business partner to manage the subcontracting of some manufacturing items. Contoso, Ltd. has different sectors with data security between sectors required.
**Current environment**
Contoso, Ltd. uses Business Central Onlyne as the main ERP for financials, sales, purchase, warehouse, and manufacturing processes. It has employees that use the Business Central web application and external applications. The company has a custom external mobile app under development.
The IT department and its partners installed custom extensions to satisfy the company's requirement where the functionality is not available natively.
Contoso, Ltd. interacts with external services provided by customer and partners. Different applications interact with SOAP and OData endpoints exposed from Business Central.
An external business partner of Contoso, Ltd. exposes a REST API for receiving details about new subcontracting orders and for sending the planned release date of each subcontracting order received. Contoso, Ltd. has not activated the monitoring of the tenant and has no internal telemetry for its apps.
Custom reporting must be created to meet the requirments of the different departments.
**Tenant management**
Contoso, Ltd. has the following tenant management considerations:
It department - the IT department requires the ability to monitor the tenant to prevent performance problems and detect possible anomalies.
The IT department plans to use Azure Application Insights and Log Analytics to inspect the ingested telemetry signals.
All tenant upgrades are automatically handled by Microsoft. The IT department does not check for update availability or for tenant-related notifications.
The IT deapartment has not configured the receipt of tenant-related notifications from the Business Central admin center.
**External business partner**
The external business partner must add custom telemetry to an application created for Contoso, Ltd. to monitor a business process.
Custom telemetry signals for the application must be visible only on the partner's telemetry.
**SOAP**
Contoso, Ltd. plans to dismiss using the SOAP protocol for integrations.
Contoso, Ltd. must be able to detect if external applications are using its Business Central SOAP endpoints.
**Issue**
The Business Central tenant is upgraded by Microsoft to a new major version during the night.
Users report that one of the Contoso, Ltd. extensions disappeared from the tenant. The IT department confirms that the extension is still published.
**Custom mobile application requirements**
Contoso, Ltd. plans to create a custom mobile application that has the following requirements:
The app must be used by employees to check item details from the ERP in real time and to report issues that occur during the manufacturing process.
An AL extension must be created for handling archived issues.
Business Central development guidelines must be followed when implementing modules.
A module must be implemented for the reporting and tracking of issues information. You plan to call this module Issue Managment. The module must expose a method name PostIssue.
Code modifications will be required over time.
The Issue Management process must be split into two extensions:
ISSUE BASE: main extension
ISSUE EXT: second extension with dependency from ISSUE BASE
In the version 1.0.0.0. of the ISSUE BASE extension, you plan to create an Issue table that contains a global Decimal variable named Issuetotal.
In the version 1.0.0.0. of the ISSUE BASE extension, yoou plna to define a table named Issue Category with a Description field defined as follows:
```
field(2; Description; Text[50])
{
    Dataclassification = CustomerContent;
}
```
The Issue table defined in ISSUE BASE extension contains a Clone procedure defined as follows:
```
procedure Clone()
begin
end;
```
In the ISSUE EXT extension, you create a tableextension object of the Issue table.
The tableextension object of the Issue table must access the IssueTotal: Decimal variable.
After weeks of usage, you discover that you must remove the Description field and the Clone procedure because they are no longer required.
In a new version of the ISSUE BASE extension, you crate a new Issue Type table. You must move data row by row from a previously obsolete Issue Category table to the new Issue Type table.
Because a large amount of data must be moved, you must write an Upgrade codeunit by using the DataTransfer object.
The IT department creates a custom API for exposing the custom Issue table. The API provides an action for copying an issue to a new table. The action is defined as follows:
```
[ServiceEnabled]
procedure Copy(var actionContext: WebServiceActionContext)
begin
end;
```
Contoso, Ltd. must create an API in Business Central to expose item details to the mobile application.
The API must have the lowest possible impact on the production environment when used during working hours.
The API must only support Get operations.

**Debugging problems**
A user of the ISSUE BASE extension in Business Central reports a problem.
To debug the problem, snapshot debugging with the following configuration was activated:
```json
    "configurations": [
        {
            "name": "snapshotInitialize: Microsoft production cloud",
            "type": "al",
            "request": "snapshotInitialize",
            "environmentType": "Production",
            "envioonmentName": "production",
            "breakOnNext": "WebClient",
            "executionContext": "DebugAndProfile",
            "userId": "YOURUSERNAME"
        }
    ]
```
You discover that the debugging is not triggering.
Integration with business partner for subcontracting
Contoso, Ltd. must connect Business Central to the external API provided by the business partner. This will be used for the partner to send the details of new subcontracting orders to fulfill the sales demand, and for receiving the planned release date of each order sent. The integration requirements are as follows:
The business partner will provide a REST API secured with basic authentication. Credentials to access the API will be shared with Contoso, Ltd.
The API for sending subcontracting orders must be called by sending an authenticated POST request to the given endpoint.
The API for retrieving the order no. and planned release date of each subcontracting order responds with the following JSON:
```json
{
    "status": "OK",
    "num_results": 110,
    "results": [
        {
            "order_no": "SBO230034",
            "customer_name": "Contoso Ltd.",
            "planned_release_date": "2023-12-13",
            "updated_date": "2023-10-20"
        }
    ]
}
```

Each order no. must be retrieved.
You need to determine why the debugger does not start correctly.
What is the cause of the problem?

A. Th "userId" parameter must have the GUID of the user specified, not the username.
B. The "breakOnNext" parameter is not set to "WebServiceClient"
C. The "userId" parameter is speecified, and the next user session that is specified in the "breakOnNext" parameter is snapshot debugged.
D. The "executionContent" parameter is not set to "Debug".

# Question 14

You have a query object named Items Query. You write code using an Items Query query variable. You need to export the Items Query query data to a file. Which SaveAs function should you use?

A. SaveAsWord.
B. SaveAsCsv.
C. SaveAsExcel.
D. SaveAsHtml.

My solution = B.

# Question 15

You are developing an app.
You plan to publish the app to Microsoft AppSource.
You need to assign an object range for the app.
Which object range should you use?

A. An object range within the range of 70000000 to 74999999 that is requested from Microsoft.
B. Free object within the standard range 1 to 49999.
C. Custom object within the range 50000 to 59999.
D. Custom object within the range 50000 to 99999.
E. Divided by countries and use specific a country within the range 100000 to 999999.

My solution = A.

# Question 16

A company is implementing Business Central.
The company has the following requirements for a report:
* The report must be loaded for users in specific location only.
* Data entered in the request page must be validated before any further processing.
* A filter must be defined for users based on the Department field defined in the user setup.
You need to implement the given requirements.
Which triggers should you use? To answer, move the appropriate triggers to the correct requirements. You may use each trigger once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to move the split bar between panes or scroll to view content. 
*Note: Each correct selection is worth one point.

**Triggers**
* OnAfterGetRecord
* OnInitReport
* OnPreDataItem
* OnPreReport

**Requirement**
* Load the report for users in a specific location.
* Validate data before processing.
* A filter must be defined for users based on the Department field defined in the user setup.

My Solution =

* Load the report for users in a specific location. **OnInitReport**
* Validate data before processing. **OnPreReport**
* A filter must be defined for users based on the Department field defined in the user setup. **OnPreDataItem**

# Question 17

You create a procedure to check if a purchase order has lines.
The procedure returns false for purchase order PO-00001 even thought it has purchase lines.

```AL
01    procedure CheckPurchaseLines(PurchaseHeader: Record "Purchase Header"): Boolean
02    var
03        PurchaseLine: Record "Purchase Line";
04    begin
05        PurchaseLine.SetRange("Document Type", PurchaseHeader."Document Type");
06        PurchaseLine.SetRange("No., PurchaseHeader."No.");
07        exit(not PurchaseLine.IsEmpty());
08    end;
```
You need to fix the code to get the correct result.
For each of the following statements, selec Yes if the statement is true Otherwise, select No.
Note: Each correct selection is worth one point.

**Statements**
* Add Clear(PurchaseLine); as a line before line 01 of the code.
* Change PurchaseLine.SetFilter("Line No.", '>0') as a line after line 06.
* Change the filter on line 06 from a "No." field to a "Document No." field
* Remove "not" in line 07.

My solution = 

* Add Clear(PurchaseLine); as a line before line 01 of the code.                No
* Change PurchaseLine.SetFilter("Line No.", '>0') as a line after line 06.      No
* Change the filter on line 06 from a "No." field to a "Document No." field     Yes
* Remove "not" in line 07.                                                      No

# Question 18
You are creating an entitlement object in Business Central to eneable transactability to AppSource apps.
You must map the entitlement object to a plan in Partner Center.
You need to select the value of the Type property to use in the entitlement object.
Which value should you use?

A. PerUserServicePlan
B. Implicit
C. Unlicensed
D. Role

My solution = A.

# Question 19
A company uses four objects in development in Business Central.
The company plans to make changes to the objects.
You need to identify the application layer for each object in Visual Studio Code.
Which objects are available in each application layer? To answer, move the appropriate application layer to the correct objects. You may use each application layer once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to move the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.
*Note: Each correct selection is worth one point.

**Application layers**
* Base
* System

**Object**
* Language table
* Activities Cue table
* Extension Management codeunit
* Business Unit Card page

My solution =

* Language table                        System
* Activities Cue table                  Base
* Extension Management codeunit         System
* Business Unit Card page               Base

# Question 20

You have an XMLport that export items from a database to an XML file.
You need to change the export format from XML to CSV.
What should you do?

A. Change the Direction property to Both.
B. Change the FormatEvaluate property to Legacy.
C. Change the XmlVersionNo property to 1.1.
D. Fill the FileName property with the Items.csv value.
E. Change the Format property to VariableText.

My solution = E.

# Question 21

You need to handle the removal of the Description field and the Clone procedure without breaking other extensions.
Which three actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.
*Note: More than one order of answer choices is correct. You will receive credit for any of the correct orders you select.

**Actions**
* Set the Description field as ObsoleteState = 

# Question 22
*Note: This question is part of a series of questions that present the same scenario. Each question in the series contains a unique solution that might meet the stated goals. Some question sets might have more than one correct solution, while other might not have a correct solution.
After you answer a question in this section, you will NOT be able to return to it. As a result, these questions will not appear on the review screen.
A company creates a Business Central app and a table named MyTable to store records when sales orders are posted.
User report the following issues:
* The users receive permission errors related to MyTable.
* Users are no longer able to post sales orders since installing the new app.
* The users cannot access the list page created in MyTable.
You need to resolve the user issues without creating a new permission sets. You must use the principle of least privilege.
Solution: In the MyTable object add the property InherentPermissions = RI. Does the solution meet the goal?

A. Yes.
B. No.

My solution = B.